[12][FIX] rjc_account (#39)
ecosoft-odoo/rjc: rjc_account/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module add field Preprint Number on account invoice view and also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module include

* Add field Preprint Number on account invoice view
* Add field Payment Ref, Internal Notes on payment view.
```
try to use [read rst](http://rst.ninjs.org/)
